README.md, before:

# Simple JS (Now in Typescript) Clock

A clock replacement for the office of ACM@UIC

## Features

* Time and Date
* CTA Bus and Train Arrival Times
* Weather from OpenWeatherMap

## Installation

1. Clone the repository
2. Navigate to the repository directory
3. Create a `.env` file refer to `.env.example`
4. Run `npm install` to install dependencies

## How to use

1. Run `npm run start` to start the npm server or `npm run watch` to watch for changes.
2. Navigate the browser to `locahost:8080` or the port specified in the config.

# Deployment on a Raspberry PI

## Step 0: Install Packages
```
sudo apt update && sudo apt upgrade -y
sudo apt install --no-install-recommends -y chromium-browser xserver-xorg x11-xserver-utils xinit
```

## Step 1: Enable auto-login
Use the `raspi-config` tool to enable auto-login to the console.
`sudo raspi-config` => Boot Options => Desktop / CLI => Console Autologin

## Step 2: Set console orientation
Edit the file `/boot/config.txt`
Add the following option:
```
display_rotate=3
```

```
display_rotate=0 Normal
display_rotate=1 90 degrees
display_rotate=2 180 degrees
display_rotate=3 270 degrees
```

## Step 4: `.xinitrc` file

`/home/pi/.xinitrc`
```
#!/bin/sh
xset -dpms
xset s off
xset s noblank

xrandr --output default --rotate left

setxkbmap -option "terminate:ctrl_alt_bksp"

unclutter &
chromium-browser http://server:8080 --window-size=1080,1920 --start-fullscreen --kiosk --incognito --noerrdialogs --disable-translate --no-first-run --fast --fast-start --disable-infobars --disable-features=TranslateUI --disk-cache-dir=/dev/null
```
Replace `http://server:8080` with nodejs server.

## Reboot

Commit message:

added offline and demo mode to readme

README.md, after:

# Simple JS (Now in Typescript) Clock

A clock replacement for the office of ACM@UIC

## Features

* Time and Date
* CTA Bus and Train Arrival Times
* Weather from OpenWeatherMap

## Installation

1. Clone the repository
2. Navigate to the repository directory
3. Create a `.env` file refer to `.env.example`
4. Run `npm install` to install dependencies

## How to use

1. Run `npm run start` to start the npm server or `npm run watch` to watch for changes.
2. Navigate the browser to `locahost:8080` or the port specified in the config.

## Offline Mode

Offline mode will disable api requests to the server leaving only the clock running. It can be activated by going to `/offline` path.

## Demo Mode
Demo mode works like offline mode but displays demo information instead of real data from apis. It can be activated by going to `/demo` path.

# Deployment on a Raspberry PI

## Step 0: Install Packages
```
sudo apt update && sudo apt upgrade -y
sudo apt install --no-install-recommends -y chromium-browser xserver-xorg x11-xserver-utils xinit
```

## Step 1: Enable auto-login
Use the `raspi-config` tool to enable auto-login to the console.
`sudo raspi-config` => Boot Options => Desktop / CLI => Console Autologin

## Step 2: Set console orientation
Edit the file `/boot/config.txt`
Add the following option:
```
display_rotate=3
```

```
display_rotate=0 Normal
display_rotate=1 90 degrees
display_rotate=2 180 degrees
display_rotate=3 270 degrees
```

## Step 4: `.xinitrc` file

`/home/pi/.xinitrc`
```
#!/bin/sh
xset -dpms
xset s off
xset s noblank

xrandr --output default --rotate left

setxkbmap -option "terminate:ctrl_alt_bksp"

unclutter &
chromium-browser http://server:8080 --window-size=1080,1920 --start-fullscreen --kiosk --incognito --noerrdialogs --disable-translate --no-first-run --fast --fast-start --disable-infobars --disable-features=TranslateUI --disk-cache-dir=/dev/null
```
Replace `http://server:8080` with nodejs server.

## Reboot
